nice do you realize that any minute now
if he could be pregnant I know I know
it's such a huge life-altering thing the
test is ready okay each team will answer
ten questions the first team to answer
the most questions wins the categories
are fears and pet peeves ancient history
literature and it's all relative now the
coin toss to see who goes first
okay somebody call it this time
tails it's hey gentlemen pick your
category fears and pet peeves
what is Monica's biggest pet peeve
animals dressed as humans that's correct
ladies category according to Chandler
what phenomenon scares the bejesus out
of him
Michael Flatley lord on the dance that
is correct
the Irish jig guy his legs flail about
as if independent from his body
gentlemen your pick it's all relative
Monica and I had a grandmother who died
you both went to her funeral name that
grandmother Nana she has a real name
Althea what are you doing I took a shot
you're shooting the girl see ya I'll
think it is correct hey shoot
[Applause]
we'll take literature every week the TV
Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's
apartment
what name appears on the address label
I'm afraid the TV guide comes to
chanandler ball Rachel use your head
actually it's miss chanandler ball all
right the score is 9 to 8 in favor of
the guys ladies if you miss this the
game is theirs pick your category they
don't have to shout everything what is
the name of Chandler's fathers Las Vegas
all-male burlesque Viva Las Vegas
unfortunately that is correct
all right we have very time
luckily I've prepared for such an event
the lightning round
[Applause]
thirty seconds all the questions you can
answer I am so good at lightning rounds
I majored in lightning rounds alright
we're gonna destroy you I wanna bet
I'm so confused as to what we've been
doing so far we play for more money say
a hundred and fifty one hundred and
fifty dollars say two hundred two
hundred dollars you're doing it again
excuse me
three hundred I'm just trying to spice
it up I got it
how about if we win they have to get rid
of the rooster oh that's interesting
okay no way that roosters family
throwing the duck - what do you have
against the duck is a make any noise we
hold on if you win give up the bird duh
but if we win we get your apartment